hello girls then in this video
I share you and sweet food for
to be ashamed needed long in full
shape they do not break anymore
so for starters you're going to have
need a pound so this is a
lime first kiss that is really thick
books that I prefer is to guard
an eternity it's a must have and so
I will use my skin of course to
limay house give them their shape
desired
so personally I love the form
square on the long nails and then the
advice that you certainly need
know but who really is to
apply this is to limay want
always from the outside to the inside
it will not be too much to weaken them in
going back and forth so then
you are going to need a file and
weigh everything goes but but this time
advocated such a united version museum us
to serve you to file so the end of
the nail lightly on the top we
as you see on the video it's this
which will help avoid the
splitting nails because when
they are usually delivered it irritates a
little long between nîmes and and that's it
can repair the damage that has
been caused healthily
I usually use this slim 12
to file house angles so years
necessary because that's the place where
they tend to be the most fragile
so here I am reading even slightly the angle
hunting
he
so then you will need the
famous bowl of hot water
you can add to it of course if you
want mules essential oils
vegetable etc
for my part I use hot water
purge race is enough and I'll get you
horns and other but needs a few
moments you will then need
of a wooden stick so especially
avoid all that is doing is
far too aggressive for your little ones
calculations
you will use water rounded tip
to fend off cuticles if you
I did not have too much of that
side and I use this particular side
and the slightly more pointed side for
eliminate what is a little bit for
dead actually and what is it stuck in
below the cuticles and therefore time
in time not every time but example
in me it is good to withdraw a small
little is for dead and especially
be careful not to press hard because
that if you press hard on the matrix
is what will give you the famous
white mark afterwards when long
will not push back then
I love using evening pulleys so
there I had two different formats
with both sides especially the one that goes
polish and celtic industry
as you surely guessed we're going
use it to polish the surface of
each one so it's a process that allows
to gradually eliminate the nails a
little yellowed by removing the
first layers of the ngo so of course
do not abuse it because otherwise it
can make your blocking a lot
finer and brittle is good time in
time is pretty cool and so after we
happens once I nail side of lalo
do not know how it's called even small
little chamois and it's great if
you intend not to wear
polish it will give a great side
brilliant rozon
we are often tempted to put polish
permanently but according to my
personal experience what can I
do you have the orders so
I recommend you bring some polish
permanently but rather bet on the
this kind of fortifying base so there
this is the base of the Roma who is really
great for me what I prefer
again is let breathe house on
further away
so here I'm going to apply a wax for
the nails and who are doing so it's going to be
really go to reinforce them and saïd
misses the perimeter of long and so
it's true that to come back to this
subject I find that when I leave it
house that breathes and the highest
possible ie at least half
time I see a clear difference
on the appearance of houses after at
people who prefer to wear polish
to protect them from shocks etc
me perso it touches me the waves
usually at prices become friable
and so that's where I get you
let you make your personal opinion
but still try the experience of
let your nails breathe and
risks you think
and so of course the final beauty gesture
it's the hand cream because
well, you know when we get used to it
cold and even here I would tell you that I
never have the cream
so here are the girls I hope this
video will have pleased you as for me I do
big kisses
do not forget to join us are my
cha page